blunt victory of FC Barcelona
before the hosts in the second leg
of the sixteenth of the cup final
of the king the azulgrana set went through
on top of the second division team
vélez scored by 8 to 1
and that the Aragonese painting had this
first match occasion minute 5
snyder head
and almost ironing just sending the
ball to the wood before the goal
Barça goalkeeper sees more new faces
in the set of Luis Enrique before the
team of luis garcía tevenet el barça
It took 20 minutes to open the can but
When he did it
scored again and again to leave the
match in 5 to 0 at the break
this is the play from 1 to 0 excellent the
center with the toe
with the outside of munir
that ends up delivering the ball to
Peter in a regulatory situation receives
a go and pedro almost falling to the ground
get finished would be a first part
wonderful of pedro that would make a
'hat-trick' then it would no longer enter the
second period
we see the play again
in which to unite with the outside of the foot
left just delivering the ball to
Pedro
this would be the move from 2 to 0 iniesta
for pedro it supports the exit of
goalkeeper dani jiménez and the canary in
the minute 26 marks the 2 to 0 is not very
right there in the brand the defense of
Huesca and that allows Pedro to take the
ball and finish scoring by the stick
I cut the whatsapp
every time he arrived practically
scored in the first period
elaborating the play by creating the play
from 3 to 0
racing already for montoya the lateral
right again played with the club
after many days absent
many weeks absent played montoya
right lateral in the first period and
left lateral in the second we saw
the 3 to 0 with that execution of sergi
Roberto many touches for the play
from 4 to 0
in which iniesta with a self-control
spectacular with the school just
resolving to 5 minutes to the end
of the first period here we see again
the play the pass of sergi roberto and
as iniesta with his left hand he scores this
goal of Barcelona one more in the first
period before the intervention of
goalkeeper dani jiménez the barça still
would score one more goal in the first period
it would be 5 to 0
Pedro's action and shot
very strong that sneaks below the
crossbar
and what is supposed
the last goal already of the first part
receives Pedro prepares the shot with the
right and ends up hitting a lot
forcefully watching the game from the
tribune messi and matthieu gerard piqué and
doubles that entered the second period
to occupy the right side step to
left
martín montoya who had this opportunity
while Adriano Correia stood at
right-winger adriano would end
also marking in the second time
we have seen the first occasion of
second period for martín montoya and
this is the play in which adriano with
6 to 0 on the scoreboard
68 match minutes
Adriano manages to finish from the
front of the area a ball that comes
from midfield line on the diagonal
of the 21 of Barcelona
you are going to press and take very
serious this party recovering many
balls that ended up propitiating plays
how is adama traoré the young
canterano
I would mark
one more for the barça
very few minutes after having
entered the excellent match the
definition with the right land of adra
ma traoré there we see it again for
score 7 to 0 of Barcelona
still sandro would have opportunity to
mark also for the set
azulgrana
sandro ramírez marks the eighth
just after having had two
consecutive
the pass from the midfield the race
de sandro leads and finishes off with
the right hand the goal of the honor of the host
he would write it down head Carlos David
brown to four minutes to the end
of the game there we see how the ball
Sneak through that right stick of the
masip's goal and the host
would get that prize of honor from
have marked in the last breath the
final passes the barcelona in camp nou
barça 8 huesca 1